# Rupto-Token
<h1>RUPTO ECOSYSTEM </h1>
The Future of digital Economy
           Our Vision is to institutionalize the space, and promote the growth and advancement of theunderlying ecosystem and technology behind digital assets and blockchain.
           
 <h1>WE ARE THE NEXT BIG THINGS!</h1>
 Decentralize your financial instruments using the Rupto.We want to blur the line between the cryptocurrency merchants and ordinary consumers. We will popularize the cryptocurrency by giving free admission, and by helping people understand and confide what we believe to be the future of money. There is a limited supply of coins making it valuable and a great store of wealth like gold. New coins can only be generated by the networks shopping and affiliate programs.So welcome to the future of currency! Safe, fast, secure, anonymous,exciting and most of all fun!.
 
 <h1>What is blockchain?</h1>
 A blockchain is a special type of database. You may also have heard the term distributed ledger technology (or DLT) – in many cases, they're referring to the same thing.A blockchain has certain unique properties. There are rules about how data can be added, and once the data has been stored, it's virtually impossible to modify or delete it.Data is added over time in structures called blocks. Each block is built on top of the last and includes a piece of information that links back to the previous one. By looking at the most up-to-date block, we can check that it has been created after the last. So if we continue all the way down the "chain," we'll reach our very first block – known as the genesis.To analogize, suppose that you have a spreadsheet with two columns. In the first cell of the first row, you put whatever data you want to hold.The first cell's data is converted into a two-letter identifier, which will then be used as part of the next input. In this example, the two-letter identifier must be used to fill out the next cell in the second row (defKP). This means that if you change the first input data (abcAA), you'd get a different combination of letters in every other cell.
 
 <h1>Blockchains and decentralization </h1>
 We've explained the basic structure of a blockchain. But when you hear people talking about blockchain technology, they're likely not just talking about the database itself, but the ecosystems built around blockchains. What this means is that no one has the power to edit the entries outside of the rules of the system (more on the rules shortly). In that sense, you could argue that the ledger is simultaneously owned by everyone: participants reach an agreement on what it looks like at any given moment.As standalone data structures, blockchains are only really useful in niche applications. Where things get interesting is when we use them as tools for strangers to coordinate amongst themselves. Combined with other technologies and some game theory a blockchain can act as a distributed ledger that's controlled by no one.
 
 <h1>Why do blockchains need to be decentralized?</h1>
 You could, of course, operate a blockchain by yourself. But you'd end up with a database that's clunky in comparison to superior alternatives. Its real potential can be exploited in a decentralized environment – that is, one where all users are equal. That way, the blockchain can't be deleted or maliciously taken over. It's a single source of truth that anyone can see.
 
 <h1>Web 3 - The New Internet </h1>
 Web 3 is the new version of the internet which is serverless and decentralized. An internet where users are in control of their own data, identity and destiny. It uses decentralized protocols and cryptographic methods to safeguard, benefit and make the ecosystem stable and resilient.
 Web 3 has three critical elements :
 (1)Decentralized Web 
 (2)Blockchain
 (3)Linked Data
 
 <h1>DECENTRALIZED WEB </h1>
 The first element of the Web 3 is decentralized web. It means internet applications on Web 3 do not rely on centralized servers.The data is then managed via data distribution protocols such as IPFS. IPFS ( Inter Planetary File System ) powers the creation of diversely resilient networks that enable persistent availability -
with or without internet backbone connectivity.Web 2 services go down when a server goes down whereas Web 3 service cannot go down as the data is stored in multiple copies on a P2P ( peer-to-peer ) network.

<h1>BLOCKCHAIN </h1>
The second element of the Web 3 is blockchain. It helps provide verifiability, ownership and economic incentive to the rightful owner of the content.
The smart contracts stores the ownership and transactions data on the blockchain, making the ownership verifiable and distributing the economic benefit to the content owners, not the intermediatory platforms of the Web2 world.

<h1>Linked data - Semantic web </h1>
The World Wide Web has enabled the creation of a global information space comprising of linked documents. As the Web becomes ever more enmeshed with our daily lives, there is a growing desire for direct access to raw data which is not currently available on the Web or are bound up in hypertext documents.Linked Data provides a publishing paradigm in which not only documents, but also data, can be a first class citizen of the Web, thereby enabling the extension of the Web with a global data space based on open standards - the Web of

<h1>Building a Web 3.0 Economy </h1>
The First Indian Crypto Powered Economy Crypto in India is big, we are making it mainstream Decentralized. An internet where users are in control of their own data,
identity and destiny. It uses decentralized protocols and cryptographic methods to safeguard, benefit and make the ecosystem stable and resilient.Web 3.0 is the latest generation of the World Wide Web and its focus is on decentralisation. Web 3.0 applications and services would increasingly be powered by blockchains, crypto-assets (fungible and non-fungible), artificial intelligence, and metaverses. Web 3.0 is expected to provide personalised content and also enable people to control their own data.

<h1>SelfMart E-Commerce Platform powered by Rupto </h1>
Shop to earn We're all about changing the way that people all around the world earn with one central idea: earn from anywhere, at any time, from any device. Our shopping app SelfMart, creates an engaging user experience that encourages active participation with the Rupto token community.
Feature of SelfMart
Shopping Platform of Grocery, Cosmetics, Electronics, Clothes & Fashion, Mobile and many more with Rupto.
What is use of Rupto In SelfMart?
Native Currency, Shop with Rupto for Discount, Earn Rupto when Shopping.

<h1>MATAVERSE </h1>
The Five Laws of the Metaverse Why without them everything else is doomed to fail.
Metaverse. What is it? What does it all mean? More specifically what does it mean for me? Every day more and more people are asking this question. For those of us that
can remember, it's much like what happened in the late 1990s when the 'internet', which was just becoming a 'thing', slowly at first, then suddenly started to blitz every news channel, magazine cover (remember those) and coffee shop chat with its value-proposition and proclamations that it will change the world FOREVER. Well, it
did. And now it's the turn of the Metaverse.
                                           So, if we're to take the red pill and jump down this rabbit hole, we should at least know what to look out for when we land! The dot-com bubble that burst in early 2000 was down to many rushing in to capitalize on the internet boom, and investors, as well as users' lack of understanding the core fundamentals of doing business on the internet. There were a handful of companies that 'got it', who set up their businesses with these core fundamentals baked in from day one. Google, Amazon, Facebook, eBay, Match.com to name a few, who are all some of the world's most valuable companies today.So, we can assume it's not first-mover advantage that's going to establish the next wave of web3.0 companies, who will go on to become the successor states to the internet. Also, those metaverse companies that merely wish to steer the current conversation in favour of their own agenda (we're looking at you Meta), and market dominance will fail miserably to establish a metaverse that 'sticks'. Simply; if you want to control the metaverse you're destined for failure.
                                           
<h1>Why Binance Smart chain </h1>
Binance Chain: Blockchain for Exchanging the World
Ever since Binance was created, we have envisioned the creation of a native blockchain for our platform. And during the months that passed since the launch of Binance, amid all the expansions we made for the Binance ecosystem, the blockchain project remained an important step in our goal of exchanging the world. After months of groundbreaking work, we're hours away from the testnet launch of the all-new Binance Chain, set at February 20.
                                                      Binance Chain is a blockchain project initiated by Binance and has since involved a whole community of Binancians. Together, we want to ensure the creation of a blockchain that will serve as an alternative marketplace for issuing, using, and exchanging digital assets in a decentralized manner. The first use case for Binance Chain is Binance DEX, a new decentralized exchange (DEX) that aims to carry over the best features of the current Binance exchange in a decentralized setting, while also offering the benefits and security of a DEX. Below, we explain what sets Binance Chain
and DEX apart.           
